1.1 Project Summary
	The Measurement Web application will provide users the 
	possibility to browse the measurement catalogue.

	Furthermore is shall be possible to add, remove and modify a measurement data. 
	Each measurement shall be connected to the user creating the measurement, 
	only the owner may edit their own measurement(s). 
	(All users may see all measurements.)
	
	The information shall be:  place (string, may not be empty), 
	date (one string, may not be empty), 
	the value (number, between -500.0 to 500.0),  
	type ( like volume, distance etc) (string, may not be empty, but data value what you like to use). 

	The site shall have a consistent interface and look and feel 
	for both functional parts of the application and the measurements. 
	The new web site shall have session based user authentication and store
	its data to a MongoDB database 
	(you may choose if you code directly with the mongoDB driver or use mongoose).
	The site shall be protected with passport.js. The user must be authenticated.

	Project Name:        Measurement System

	Project Manager:     Nnanna Otuh

	Project Analysts:    Nnanna Otuh

	Responsible Users:   Users and Nnanna Otuh

1.2 Project Scope.
	The scope of this project is a web-based system that supports the ability 
	to handle CRUD measurements.

	The goal is:
		a website that is designed primarily around user needs and behaviours, 
		not organizational structure and requirements.

		a user-friendly and usable site architecture and navigation system(s)

		a homepage that is intuitively designed around user-identified critical tasks

			the tasks being measurement management

		user shall be able to register and to be authenticated.

		users and things shall be stored in a MongoDB database

 
	The outcomes will include:
		A website with a consistent looking interface

		Measurement management via the site

			Users shall be able to log in

			The users shall be able to handle its own measurements only, 
			not other users.

		Consistent navigation for things (and possible users).

		on-line help in website navigation

		A full authentication system for registered users.

	The outcomes does not include:
		multi language support

		other databases then MongoDB

1.3 System Purpose
	1.3.1 Users
		Those who will primarily benefit from the new system and those who will be 
		affected by the new system include

	Users:

		Upon implementation of the new system, users will find 
		site navigation and measurements after registration.

		They will be able to more easily than before manage measurement information 

		Will contain less dead content, less out of date content and less duplication

	Stakeholders:

		The owners sees a possibility to sell a project that is compliant with legislation

		Easier to update as a result of the implementation of a 
		consistent navigation and database system

	1.3.2 Location
		The system will be available to any potential user using the Internet. 
		(<== In real life, for you it is ok using your local computer)

	1.3.3 Responsibilities
		The primary responsibilities of the new system:

			provide users direct access to up-to-date, accurate thing information

			registration and authentication of users

			manage all CRUD data

		Other desired features of the new system:

			a consistent "look and feel" throughout the website

			on-line help in website navigation

	1.3.4 Need
		This system is needed in order to service the expected increase in demand for thing products.
		Replacement of the current websites will eliminate the shortcomings of those sites. 
		The new system will allow the company to attract new users.

